
EFFECTIVE DATE: June 09, 2019

Copyright 2019 APIS Point LLC

This Non-Commercial Software License Agreement (Agreement) is between
APIS Point LLC a Virginia limited liability company (AP) and you, the entity or
individual entering into this Agreement (User). The AP software and
documentation provided to User (Software) are licensed and are not sold.

1. SCOPE. This Agreement describes the licensing of the Software provided to
User on a non-commercial basis. If User desires to use the Software on a
commercial basis, it must separately purchase a commercial-use license from AP.

2. LICENSE. Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, AP grants User a
perpetual, free-of-charge, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-commercial
license to:

   a. Use the Software only (i) in an educational institution environment,
      (ii) in a personal capacity, or (iii) for non-commercial, evaluation
      purposes in Userâ€™s internal business operations, subject to Section 3 (a)
      below.

3. RESTRICTIONS. User is specifically prohibited from:

   a. Transferring, assigning, sublicensing, or renting the Software or using it
      in any type of software service provider or outsourcing environment where
      any part of the functionality of the Software is provided to a third
      party;
   b. Causing or permitting the reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembly,
      or translation of the Software to discover the source code or create a
      functional equivalent; or
   c. Evaluating or using, or facilitating the evaluation or use, of the
      Software for the purpose of competing with AP.

AP reserves all rights not expressly granted.

Privacy Terms. AP may collect certain data and information from User and your
end users ("Secondary Users") in connection with your Secondary Users' use of
the Software, Service, and Site.

Licensed Territory. Shall be limited to the United States of America.

Territorial Restriction. User and your Secondary Users' in connection with the
use of the software are not located in, under the control of, or a national or
resident of any country outside the United States of America.

Enforceability. If any term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the
other terms remain in effect.

Trademarks. This license does not grant you any right in the trademarks, service
marks, brand names or logos of AP.

Unilateral Modification. AP shall have the right at any time to modify this
Agreement without prior notification or approval.

Right to Terminate. This Agreement may be terminated by AP at any time and
without reason.

Termination. If you violate the terms of this license, your rights will
terminate automatically and will not be reinstated without the prior written
consent of AP.

DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. USERS HEREBY DISCLAIM
ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.
